PROBLEM STATEMENT: 

With the increasing digitalization and online transactions, it becomes ever so important for the credit card companies to be able to recognize "genuine" and "fraudulent" trans-actions in order to provide their customers with a more secure and a seamless experi-ence. 

As a Data engineer, I architect and design a siolution using all the big data technologies to meet the following requirements:

1. Detect fraudulent transactions at the shortest possible time (Since the transactions are happening in real time, timing constraints play a very important role). Whenever a card member swipes his/her card for payment, the transaction should be classified as fraudulent /authentic based on a set of predefined rules.

2. To resolve the customer complaints and queries, the support team should be made available with the latest customer details (by constantly keeping them updated).




We will be considering the following tables :

card_member  -> This table consists of cardholder data and the data is added into this table by a third party service. Following are the fields in the card_member table.

card_id  (Card number)

member_id (Member id of the cardholder)

member_joining_dt (Joining data and time of a new member)

card_purchase_dt (Purchase date of the card)

country (Name of the country where the card was purchased)

city (Name of the city where the card was purchased)





card_transactions  -> This table consists of all the transactions carried out by swiping at the POS system. Following are the fields in the card_transactions table.

card_id  (Card number)

member_id (Member id of the cardholder)

amount (Amount swiped with the particular card_id)

postcode (marks the location of the event based on the zipcode at which the card was swiped)

pos_id (POS terminal ID using which the card was swiped)

transaction_dt (date and time of transaction)

Status (Genuine / Fraud value based on whether the transaction was approved or declined)




member_score -> This table consists of all the credit scores of the card holder. Following are the fields in the member_score table.

member_id (Member id of the cardholder)

score (The score assigned to a member defining his/her credit history)





Apart from the above data, There will be real-time data that will be streaming in, generated by the POS(Point of Sale) systems. This data will be in JSON format as shown below :

{

“card_id” : 487654323445689,

“member_id” : 000987654123456,

“amount” : 245600,

“pos_id” : 78765324158934,

“postcode” : 33946,

“transaction_dt” : 09-01-2021 18:00:00

}


